README.md, before:

# FairPlay - Where Creativity Stays Human

**FairPlay** is a free, open-source streaming platform that puts _people_ back at the heart of online creativity.  
No algorithms, no ads, no distractions - just meaningful videos, community engagement, and open collaboration.

**Find us at** [our website](https://fairplay.video)

---

## Our mission?

The internet is increasingly filled with bots, AI-generated content, and algorithmic noise.  
FairPlay was created to reclaim the human side of creativity — a place where real skills, passions, and stories can thrive.

> “Your passions deserve more than an algorithm.”

---

FairPlay is currently under development. You'll be introduced to the user interface and some features, but please note that the project is still under development.

This is the [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) version of the Fairplay Website. It currently includes the landing page, more will be implemented soon.

## Open source!

You can contribute and make the internet a better place at [our repository](https://github.com/FairPlayTeam/FairPlay-Website)

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

Commit message:

update README, add Code of Conduct and Contributing guidelines

README.md, after:

# FairPlay - Where Creativity Stays Human

**FairPlay** is a free, open-source streaming platform that puts _people_ back at the heart of online creativity.  
No algorithms, no ads, no distractions - just meaningful videos, community engagement, and open collaboration.

**Find us at** [our website](https://fairplay.video)

---

## Our Mission

The internet is increasingly filled with bots, AI-generated content, and algorithmic noise. FairPlay was created to reclaim the human side of creativity — a place where real skills, passions, and stories can thrive.

> “Your passions deserve more than an algorithm.”

---

FairPlay is currently under development. You'll be introduced to the user interface and some features, but please note that the project is still under development.

This is the [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) version of the FairPlay website. It currently includes the landing page. More features will be implemented soon.

## Open Source

FairPlay is an open source project, and we're always looking for contributors to make the internet a better place. To learn how to contribute, visit the [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/FairPlayTeam/FairPlay-Website/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Community

FairPlay is built by a community of developers who believe the internet should stay **human**. You can be a part of our community by joining the discussion on our [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/ssP35cTceU).
